AI Usage Journal
Kurt Wills
bwills1@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0203

Week 1
Used AI to help remember the structure of an if-else statement.
Used AI to revise a different and more efficient way of matching words without having
to write a whole if else statement to make a boolean.
Used AI to revise my code so that strip and replace could go in the same line rather than
in a different line of code and therefore having to make more variables than needed.
Used AI to find out how to print digits behind a specific period

Overall, most AI usage was to briefly refresh on the formatting of different functions
that I wasn't completely clear on but still had some memory of knowing how to do.

Week 2
Used AI to help remember formatting of a for i in range loop because I sometimes have trouble translating
it into something I can comprehend in my head. Some of the exercises that seemed to need the use of len
were also a bit confusing to me, so I used AI to explain variations of how to use it so I can use it to print
the information that I need to print.

Week 3
Used AI to help with similar things like last week, for i in range and figuring out how to use enumerate in a for
loop properly, as well as using it to remind me what certain functions like .title or reminding me that .startswith can
be useful while searching for something. Also used AI to help clarify syntax like using the not function and double negatives
while searching through books that were available.

Week 4
Used AI to clarify why assertions weren't working. Also used AI to figure out why certain code worked while another didn't despite
thinking my existing code functioned like it should. Also used AI to remind myself of the differnt words to use for lists, dictionaries, and sets
because of their similarities, and used it to remind myself that I can't change certain things the way I can with others. 

Week 5
I used AI mostly for cases in which setting the variables to public or private and how that would change how I wanted to change or normalize a string.
I also used AI to figure out syntax and small things that were causing me to print out something similar to what was asked but wasn't exactly what should've been the output.
Changing strings and storing them in a private variable gave me the most difficulties, so I used AI to explain why what I did wasn't working and what to do to fix it.
